Update Jamstack adoption numbers (#2693)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2021/jamstack.md

  sql_file="adoption.sql"
) }}

Let's begin with understanding which SSG is most popular. Next.js covers 43.6% of Jamstack sites. Nuxt.js is in second place with 31.1%, third is Gatsby with 16.0%, followed by Hugo at 6.0%.

> <p class="note">Please note the original publication of this chapter had different figures due to incorrect duplication of Nuxt and Next sites. This has been corrected in above figures and, to a lesser degree, in other figures in this chapter.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="note">Please note the original publication of this chapter had different figures due to incorrect over-counting of Nuxt and Next sites. This has been corrected in above figures and, to a lesser degree, in other figures in this chapter.</p>
```
